Katrina Groves: Hi it's Dr groves.
Katrina Groves: Zoom room number five to 26493217 doing histories and physicals on Saturday, March 14 from
Katrina Groves: Nine.
Katrina Groves: To, I don't know, it's kind of brand. It's going to be variable. So these are all established patients with me over three years from the donor community health center.
Katrina Groves: They're all opioid dependence in remission, at least.
Katrina Groves: I'll get them in when I can.
Katrina Groves: And as usual for all of these if you are my
Katrina Groves: Little transcriber
Katrina Groves: With Joe I believe if you could put in that
Katrina Groves: The risk scores protective scores a Sam a spurt and the cures report reviewed and appropriate that will be great.
Katrina Groves: For all of these
Katrina Groves: API.
Katrina Groves: Just looking at the last
Katrina Groves: Bullet points that you guys look at
Katrina Groves: The psych impression is also
Katrina Groves: The same as I always do, except I will put in some
Katrina Groves: Extras here and there.
Katrina Groves: If needed,
Katrina Groves: Good morning.
Katrina Groves: I see Doug's iPhone don't see dead yet.
Douglas’s iPhone: Sorry, I was right down. Never. I didn't realize you were there, right.
Katrina Groves: Oh, there you are.
Katrina Groves: Good morning, are you good. I've got my Yellowstone waterfall in the background.
Katrina Groves: Are you at home. Yeah. Yep.
Douglas’s iPhone: There and I just got back from we decided we wouldn't be too crazy, but we'd go get some groceries. Anyway, just to
Douglas’s iPhone: Stock up especially now that are Riley's home for the next like 18 days they canceled school and everything else. So we figured, might as well just go stock up on groceries at least
Douglas’s iPhone: Perfect. There's an interesting morning at five o'clock at window.
Katrina Groves: Is there a ton of people there. Was there like a run on toilet paper or something.
Douglas’s iPhone: Just most of the lot of shelves are pretty bare and
Douglas’s iPhone: There was quite a bit of people there for five o'clock in the morning, you, you know, normally we like to do that early, early shopping, especially if we wake up early and then get it done over with. But yeah, there was probably at least three or four times the normal people for 5am
Katrina Groves: We live in interesting times. That's for
Douglas’s iPhone: What do you think about this isn't something we need to worry about are obviously worried about, but not. I mean zones were healthy and taking precautions.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, you guys are not the high risk people if you're over 65 or if you have immune problems, you know, like
Katrina Groves: If you have diabetes. If you
Katrina Groves: Have
Katrina Groves: Other medical issues, you know, if you're just really sick then yeah, you should hide away from everybody. But right now, just
Katrina Groves: Wash your hands and keep going through your life, maybe avoid large crowds. You just mostly want to avoid old people.
Katrina Groves: We want to protect our elders. So, I mean, this is a we've been knowing this was going to happen for 2030 years it was just a matter of when. And now, it hasn't been the best
Katrina Groves: Start for the medical people didn't really get on it as as best as they could have, but it's all political in this country.
Douglas’s iPhone: That's exactly so I mean that's that's from, like, ah, one in one compared to this. Wait a minute. Right.
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah, so that
Katrina Groves: The death toll and the people that all died up in Washington, apparently, most of them were
Katrina Groves: There were DNR DNI you know they're there were no codes. So that's, they just kind of let them pass so they didn't do anything to try to save them. And I think the press didn't talk about that. So just everybody panics and we don't panic. Yeah, good.
Katrina Groves: So this is going to be like a 45 minutes to an hour depends on how I have a feeling it will be pretty quick with you.
Katrina Groves: Just like an intake so
Katrina Groves: Yeah, you're in Oregon. Anyway, right. So, where, where are you living
Douglas’s iPhone: Well i. So, for them to even be able to put me in the system. They wanted me to use my California work address. Oh, yeah. Oh, living in cave junction, just like I always have been.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Douglas’s iPhone: I don't know, for some reason, when they're doing that intake. The original paperwork that when I tried to give them the cave junction address he wasn't sure you'd be able to help me and then
Douglas’s iPhone: What I do, I'm like, Well, I haven't, you know, address, you can use for works. That's why I have used Dr groves is because I'm over on that side of the hill. So
Katrina Groves: Yeah, that works because I, they don't have or again yet in the bright heart health system.
Katrina Groves: So I'm we're working on that. But it takes a while. So if you ever have a problem, you can always come up and see me in person and Cottage Grove, which is a long drive probably but you know where that is right.
Or
Katrina Groves: So that's where my other practice is OK.
Douglas’s iPhone: So,
Katrina Groves: I am available. You just gotta call Tony, which was trying to work the system. I think all medicine should be like this. You know, I don't
Katrina Groves: You don't need to see people in the office. I think my older people should be doing telemedicine and then they don't have to come in with all the other people that are viruses.
Douglas’s iPhone: That's what I was telling the guys at work about how I just got set up to do this and like this can't beat it. I'm having had my appointment for intake was it work in the office and then
Sweet.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so some of this is going to be duplicated. I have your part of your file on the other computer here at the same time. So I'm multitasking. I'm so for medical stuff dog. Do you have high blood pressure. Still, what, what are your medical problems that I need to remember
Douglas’s iPhone: previous history of high blood pressure, but rolled with low dose.
Douglas’s iPhone: On that simple staten and then Kobe Kobe this all skin cream.
Douglas’s iPhone: Limit I sent
Katrina Groves: My son, my son, is it the Lisinopril with the water pill enough hydrochloric side or just plain liason a pro.
Douglas’s iPhone: Thing. It's just playing my center pro like five milligram or something like that.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and finally rooms, less than a quarter once a day, and what what others. What was the Staten was the
Douglas’s iPhone: Cholesterol from the Staten thermostat.
Katrina Groves: And what's the dose on that you think
Douglas’s iPhone: I'm not positive. I mean, I can go grab it and see.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: So,
Douglas’s iPhone: let's invest in those 10 milligram
Katrina Groves: Good. And that's the only two that you take. Yeah.
Douglas’s iPhone: Oh, and then Claritin D.
Douglas’s iPhone: For seasonal allergies.
Douglas’s iPhone: One A Day. The 24 hour kill. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I hear you sniffling already
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah, that's it.
Douglas’s iPhone: closed beta cells, skin cream and then
Douglas’s iPhone: hydrocortisone for eczema.
Katrina Groves: So medical problems, eczema, high blood pressure, high cholesterol seasonal allergies. Anything else no diabetes, no thyroid
Douglas’s iPhone: Nope, okay. Well, the cholesterol and
Douglas’s iPhone: High blood pressure at this point have been perfect I did just have a whole nother round of my annual blood work done at with Dr.
Douglas’s iPhone: Sue Taryn. And I haven't had my appointment to see her about that, but she didn't obviously call with any major problems are
Katrina Groves: You how do you
Katrina Groves: How do you spell her last name.
Douglas’s iPhone: E r a n
Katrina Groves: Okay, because if you have labs bright hearts going to want you to do labs to their little bit different. They're like that HIV. The hep C, all that stuff from past. Do they already do that.
Douglas’s iPhone: I don't know if they do the HIV and hep C. It's just the normal like
Douglas’s iPhone: Like cholesterol workup and thyroid and
Douglas’s iPhone: And I'm not sure about the HIV or have seen the
Katrina Groves: So bright heart will want you to do that on intake if they haven't told you already.
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah. They said they're setting labs to open door.
Katrina Groves: Okay to
Douglas’s iPhone: That I had a week to take them after seeing you basically week from today.
Katrina Groves: Okay, yeah, this is new to me too. So I'm learning their system. And if you prefer to get that done at your primary care, Doc, I suppose you could, but maybe just get them done and then give her a copy or whatever.
Douglas’s iPhone: That's fine. And I did do a records release for you for bright heart to be able to communicate with Sue Taryn. And then I did a record, please. Very under your name through open door so that open door had that were quite hard as well. Thank you.
Katrina Groves: So any hospitalizations. In the past, our operations or surgeries.
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah, the collarbone. And last, then two years ago now broken collarbone.
Douglas’s iPhone: put back together with metal plates. Other than that, there hasn't been anything. The last 10 years at least.
Katrina Groves: And I would call you didn't even take any pain medication because you're just Superman.
Katrina Groves: All right.
Douglas’s iPhone: Your original surgery all the shoulder. The reason they're still
Douglas’s iPhone: You know, chronic pain reason I'm still on Suboxone would be the shoulder surgeries or surgery on my left and then impingement. It's non surgical they can't do anything about on the right.
Katrina Groves: Hmm, so they don't. They can't do anything about the right side, because why
Douglas’s iPhone: It's like that when I went to. I went to two different orthopedic people for that one. And after an MRI and everything that that it's just
Douglas’s iPhone: The join it. They said that the joint itself was described as a shoulder impingement and like a kind of a sloppy least joint, but it wasn't something that was surgery really
Douglas’s iPhone: Flexible when I was basically told that that's just the pain that you know just going to have to live with it and doing the Suboxone and then keeping it strength and
Douglas’s iPhone: That's really been quite honestly, the fix. I know it's been by strengthening those muscles and probably most health that any other than anything.
Katrina Groves: So they did send you to physical therapy right
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah, okay.
Katrina Groves: So is the right shoulder the painful and the left is no longer painful.
Douglas’s iPhone: Know I have pain in both
Douglas’s iPhone: Surgery on the left, it kind of goes back and forth either both kind of flare up at different times seems to be a lot when I'm
Douglas’s iPhone: Having to do a lot more physical labor working like like go in and dig with the guys for a couple days or something like that or, um, I always find myself having to do that kind of stuff. But when I do, those are the times that it really flares up
Douglas’s iPhone: But he's really keeping up on those exercises that I've learned from physical therapy that's kind of a key.
Katrina Groves: Great. And the Suboxone dose, you're on right now is
Douglas’s iPhone: Three eight milligram per day.
Douglas’s iPhone: Not
Katrina Groves: Any problems that you're having with it trouble with the saliva trouble with the feeling not good doses are any issues.
Douglas’s iPhone: Been been just about right. I don't have a, you know, I take a lot of fiber.
Douglas’s iPhone: Fix that
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah, I haven't really had any issues. There's months that you know I have a lot left over at the end. Sometimes I have two weeks worth you know extra because I don't always take three days.
Douglas’s iPhone: But then there's months that, you know, it really gets bad and I might have to take a full three a day.
Douglas’s iPhone: So definitely kind of goes back and forth, but so far. I think that right now. I think it's been working
Katrina Groves: Pretty well. So, so would you say two days your average or like when you're not hurting. Is that what keeps you is that your normal dose or would you say one with two and three with flare ups or
Douglas’s iPhone: A two a day or two to three days my point, honestly. Okay, then there you know below average would be days that sometimes I just straight forget. Forget even take it or something like that.
Katrina Groves: So as far as cravings. I mean, I know that's the chronic pain part. But do you have cravings for your past drugs.
Douglas’s iPhone: No, I don't.
Douglas’s iPhone: That's pretty awesome, really.
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah, there's so many people out there and like just really
Douglas’s iPhone: I've ever even had close to a craving. It just takes thinking about all the people that are still, you know, struggling from this, these
Douglas’s iPhone: kind of keeps me stable and it's never add up. I can't even really think the last time I really had a craving to
Douglas’s iPhone: Actually have an opiate actually kind of sick, obviously, with the having a surgery and then having a bottle that was right in front of me. I never. It was not a problem at all to not take the city given with him sitting on my shelf like
Douglas’s iPhone: They honestly kind of disgust me just thinking about the, the idea of ever having to go through that physical draw or, you know, really scares me so
Katrina Groves: That is really good. I mean, you basically what you did is something that some people with addiction never get to that you have sensitize your brain. You know, like if you eat too much.
Katrina Groves: chocolate cookies or you do something, you know, you make yourself sick. So you've you've hooked up those negative thoughts with the drug use and that's the thing that's going to keep you stable.
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah, so
Katrina Groves: So how many years. What's your clean date.
Douglas’s iPhone: October.
Douglas’s iPhone: It's been 10 years. So I had this past 10 year mark this last October.
Katrina Groves: October teeth out of them. Oh gosh. So it's a 2010 now.
Douglas’s iPhone: Yes. Yeah, that's not Yep, no.
Katrina Groves: No 20 not
Katrina Groves: 2009
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Excellent. Um, so in your family is there been a history of
Katrina Groves: abuse or addiction father, mother, alcohol, anything
Douglas’s iPhone: No, I don't know his family history. My dad always drink but ever seen the
Douglas’s iPhone: Mean. No, none. Nobody ever had.
Douglas’s iPhone: Anything to a point that they ever had to go get help or that they couldn't live their life you know know abuse or, you know, yeah, I don't think nothing really in my family.
Douglas’s iPhone: I'd say like a personality. You know, like my mom food and stuff like that was always her crutch for sure and weight issues, up and down, and
Douglas’s iPhone: So I think, you know, we all kind of have that do things we we go full bore that you're going to drink coffee strongest coffee you know so i think i think if
Douglas’s iPhone: I think that's where it was easy for me to fall down the the drug side of things are you know felt good and it was almost, you know, and I depressant, and everything. On top of that, you know, and
Douglas’s iPhone: I think that that kind of addictive personality and they still don't think my mom ever my mom and my uncle's, you know, like my uncle's smokes plenty of pot and everything, but
Douglas’s iPhone: You know it's legal in Oregon, it's you know, it's not the end of the world like he he's, he always had. He was a just 13 with the BLM, you know, he had his good job and we didn't really nobody ever seem to really have any issues to the point where they couldn't control it.
Katrina Groves: So is your mom still living.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And you're
Katrina Groves: Sorry.
Douglas’s iPhone: My dad as well. Yeah, they're both still alive. My dad has heart.
Douglas’s iPhone: Heart disease or had heart disease had a heart attack at 40
Douglas’s iPhone: Had to have a quadruple bypass again after that later on. Constantly has to go and
Douglas’s iPhone: He
Douglas’s iPhone: Yes, the cluster all it doesn't seem to even be manageable by the medicine where I got my mom's genes that seems like my I look like my uncle's I look like my mom, my dad, shorter than I am like doesn't even look
Douglas’s iPhone: Like me, and where my cholesterol numbers when I get them back from getting my blood work done and tell him about it. He's just beside himself jealous because he he can never get as good cholesterol up as high as I do, and
Douglas’s iPhone: Ever since I've turned. I started changed.
Douglas’s iPhone: And changed over the as healthy as we are now and working out and all that kind of stuff. I mean, I was to 60 like pretty much stay right about 190
Douglas’s iPhone: You know, everything is it just feels good and the way we've been eating. You know, it's just
Douglas’s iPhone: My cholesterol is going. Perfect. Great. The SU Tara and she's basically saying whatever you're doing, just keep doing it because I
Katrina Groves: Do fish.
Douglas’s iPhone: Oil glucose and mean antioxidants. I didn't see
Douglas’s iPhone: It pretty much like a daily regimen every single morning of all that good stuff. And then that's when I take that cholesterol and blood pressure, medicine, even though you're supposed to take a cluster all night. I still take it the morning. It's been perfect so
Katrina Groves: So high blood pressure and your mom or diabetes or strokes and your family.
Nope.
Katrina Groves: Okay, how about mental illness at all in your family.
Douglas’s iPhone: No.
Katrina Groves: Brothers, sisters alive and well. Yeah.
Douglas’s iPhone: My sister one sister, and she's alive and well.
Katrina Groves: Okay. And for you. You don't smoke cigarettes. Right.
Katrina Groves: I do. Oh, you're kidding, that's the last, last thing you got on your list.
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah, I know it's a bad one.
Katrina Groves: So how much do you smoke. Do you think
Douglas’s iPhone: Probably five cigarettes a day.
Katrina Groves: I might as well get rid of them, right.
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah, I really do. I need to
Katrina Groves: So need it. Yeah, meeting and being ready are two different things. So just keep an eye on your motivation, your motivation to do so. And who knows if we all get
Katrina Groves: Cigarettes might not even be for sale anymore. I wonder if people are stocking up on cigarettes. So my hand thought of.
Katrina Groves: So, and you're employed with the Forest Service. Right. I mean I have to get all this on record so
Douglas’s iPhone: US Forest Service.
Katrina Groves: And you're living with your wife and your son who is now how old
Katrina Groves: Wow. Oh, wait.
Katrina Groves: And how's the marriage and the family situation.
Douglas’s iPhone: Good, yeah, things have been good.
Douglas’s iPhone: Been doing lots of a lot of stuff together and
Douglas’s iPhone: We went on a gorgeous hike yesterday about or miles and took a lunch with us and have a nice lunch date kind of been working for 10s lately. Instead of usually during the winters. I go five dates. So I've been doing for 10s monday through thursday and
Douglas’s iPhone: Given us Friday we just kind of go hike and do something out words and
Douglas’s iPhone: Things have been going you know it's up and down. Still, she's still has trouble sleeping, and you know, some depression issues and things are up and down.
Douglas’s iPhone: You know, mood wise here, there can still be tough, but or we haven't gone through any other major issues since last couple years, so things have been on the uptake for for a while now. That's good.
Katrina Groves: It's good to be grateful for the everyday.
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah, exactly.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so I'm going to go through some review of systems here a little bit, that's kind of boring but head to toe. So these are questions just in the last week or two. If you've had them not your whole life. So have you recently had fevers, chills, night sweats.
Douglas’s iPhone: No.
Katrina Groves: Any symptoms of cold intolerance or weight loss or weight gain.
Katrina Groves: Fatigue like more than normal. Like you're just exhausted all the time. No.
No.
Katrina Groves: And he sends a diabetes like having to pee a lot or being really thirsty or hungry or urinating a lot
Douglas’s iPhone: Of to pee a lot for sure but I don't
Douglas’s iPhone: Know, that's the that somebody on Suboxone to or
Katrina Groves: Actually I think on that that blood pressure pill has a water pill in it, unless you changed it so it can make you pee out p
Katrina Groves: Quite a bit.
Douglas’s iPhone: So you wanna
Douglas’s iPhone: I thought there was one, one of the medicines, I thought, was part of the problem.
Katrina Groves: You, you may want to ask your doctor to take that part out. I mean, you're with your health. Now, and how good you're doing, you may not need that double
Katrina Groves: whammy. And if you could get rid of the water pill and just have the one blood pressure pill, you might not have to urinate all the time. So put that on your little list as far as you're asking her
Katrina Groves: So vision problems.
Katrina Groves: Blurry vision double vision.
Douglas’s iPhone: So,
Katrina Groves: Any redness pain tearing or dry eyes.
Douglas’s iPhone: No, just the skin around my eyes from the eczema, but not the eyeball itself.
Katrina Groves: got in trouble with hearing or ear pain or drainage with your sinus stuff your allergies. No.
Katrina Groves: Do you get tinnitus or ringing in your ears.
Douglas’s iPhone: Know,
Katrina Groves: And any sores on your mouth, your lips your tongues like cold sores anything
No.
Katrina Groves: trouble swallowing.
Katrina Groves: No nosebleeds or
Katrina Groves: hoarseness of your voice. Nope, okay. And when you have allergies. Is it just draining nose or itchy eyes wet.
Douglas’s iPhone: Rainy nose is most common just clear liquid
Douglas’s iPhone: And when the pollens out really strong than itchy eyes for sure, but definitely when that's the cold weather seems to be kind of draining nose and
Douglas’s iPhone: Again, it's never like infection style training. It's just my grandfather was Exact same way I always remember him have a little news older that little drop this clear liquid kind of thing.
Douglas’s iPhone: Right, yeah. I seem to be have that same kind of thing.
Katrina Groves: And neck any pain, stiffness trouble with your neck.
Douglas’s iPhone: I mean, normal like my I definitely have knots in my neck and shoulders.
Douglas’s iPhone: Nothing. That's nothing out of the ordinary. I guess I should say.
Katrina Groves: And you don't get
Douglas’s iPhone: You back here. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Um, trouble with your breathing coughing, wheezing shortness of breath.
Douglas’s iPhone: Nope, I did just have stuff is all stuff you guys could get from
Douglas’s iPhone: Not to get off the subject, but from Sue Taryn. This year I had a colonoscopy.
Douglas’s iPhone: I had a
Douglas’s iPhone: CAT scan done on my lungs.
Douglas’s iPhone: And I had the test done a blood tests done for. I think it was for prostate cancer. They can test for prostate cancer. Now, basically, I went in, said, you know, we had a guy that was on the grey back crew around here fire crew died of lung cancer it you know like 39
Douglas’s iPhone: Wow, you know, like just all of a sudden we found out he had it Next you know he's dead and
Douglas’s iPhone: That kind of kind of scared me and had me having that conversation with her about, you know, my annual blood work would catch early stages of cancer because my mom does have colon cancer in her family.
Douglas’s iPhone: And she had colon polyps when she was just like the last five years, and her doctor said, make sure you tell your, your kids about this, that they should be on kind of a high risk group for for
Douglas’s iPhone: Cancer in the future. So I had all those three tests done early. Just she had to kind of change some of the writing in her notes to make my insurance even pay for it, but
Douglas’s iPhone: I was able to get all that stuff sounds like. I mean, I get it with her, but she hasn't called to say anything came back, you know, irregular
Katrina Groves: So your mom's, who was it in your mom's family that had colon cancer.
Douglas’s iPhone: My grandfather died of colon cancer and then she
Went
Douglas’s iPhone: 70 okay
Douglas’s iPhone: And then she at
Douglas’s iPhone: Let's say 60
Douglas’s iPhone: Sprint, she was getting watched for colon cancer as well. She had a
Douglas’s iPhone: Colonoscopy and they found polyps that are non cancerous, but kind of cancerous polyps or whatever that they caught early kind of thing.
Katrina Groves: That's excellent that you had all that health maintenance done. That's really good.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, because you're young, you're
Katrina Groves: 42 yeah so that the colon cancer screen. That's great. And they probably just let you wait another five years or so, and the and the CTO of the lungs. I assume as normal. But you know, that's that every time you smoke, you're going to risk the chance of turning on that gene.
Douglas’s iPhone: So,
Katrina Groves: If you can think about your friend dying every time you do this cigarette. You'll quit.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Um, so let's see. Going back to heart. We're down at the heart. Any chest pain or pressure, you're in such good shape. I don't think you're having trouble because you do a treadmill every day.
No complications.
Katrina Groves: Any varicose veins.
In your legs.
Douglas’s iPhone: Nope.
Katrina Groves: Hair any trouble. Any change with your dryness and your hair, your skin. Oh, you already said you have eczema. So you've got itchy dry skin patches.
Katrina Groves: Where does that mostly affect you.
Katrina Groves: What part of your body.
Douglas’s iPhone: patch on my hands.
Douglas’s iPhone: My feet. Sometimes
Douglas’s iPhone: A patch on my I get these patches on my right on the corners of my eyes right here ducks kind of salty water there.
Douglas’s iPhone: And then a spot that I can't reach right smack in the middle of my back.
Katrina Groves: And how about stomach problems, you said constipation. Have you had abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting blood in your stool, anything like that. No, and the constipation. You take care of with fiber, you
Katrina Groves: Know hemorrhoids opium straining. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And urination trouble paying at all like well you up a lot. But do you feel like sometimes you can't get the urine stream out like do you feel hesitancy or urgency or
Douglas’s iPhone: Urgency
Douglas’s iPhone: Like rush like once I know I gotta go. I better start finding a bathroom kind of thing.
Katrina Groves: Okay, but now blood in your urine know
Katrina Groves: And then we did go through your musculoskeletal system a little bit as far as your shoulders. Are there any other problems in your body, like your back or your knees or any other muscle pain or bone pain.
Douglas’s iPhone: No, I mean nothing little stuff gets sore. But again, it's I can tell when I say don't do my back exercises for certain amount of time or, you know, I'm away from the house or the gym or I'm able to do certain exercises that my back, like it's or I'm sleeping on the ground, but nothing
Douglas’s iPhone: Nothing. That's not normal.
Katrina Groves: And neurologically you don't have history of seizures.
Katrina Groves: Or fainting or tremor. How about headaches.
Douglas’s iPhone: No.
Katrina Groves: Dizziness vertigo.
Katrina Groves: And then mental health any recent problems with depression, anxiety, that's interfering with your life.
Douglas’s iPhone: No.
Katrina Groves: Sleep disturbance. No.
Katrina Groves: No delusions and hallucinations, obviously.
Katrina Groves: Suicidal thoughts. Never know easy any in your blood. Is there any easy bruising or anemia.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and the allergies to any medication that you know I've dug or just the pollen.
Douglas’s iPhone: Pollen
Not allergic to penicillin.
Douglas’s iPhone: When I was a baby. I was allergic to penicillin, but I've taken it since many times and I don't have any allergies to any medicines. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And have you had all your immunizations to get the flu shot.
Douglas’s iPhone: I didn't get one this year but I usually do.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and then just for the record. Give me your history. This is the hardest part, probably to history of your addiction. How old were you when you started and what was the first thing you got hooked on alcohol pot just kind of give me the summary.
Douglas’s iPhone: Probably
Douglas’s iPhone: Like
Douglas’s iPhone: Middle school age.
Douglas’s iPhone: Started smoking pot.
Douglas’s iPhone: And then throughout college years kind of really
Douglas’s iPhone: Strong with everything never really got hooked on say cocaine or anything like that. Like, can't you know how to do it every single day. But party plenty
Douglas’s iPhone: You know, drank.
Douglas’s iPhone: The pot and the alcohol. Never. It never was an issue like where you can't do it kind of stopped doing it kind of thing. It was really when I hit the opiates.
Douglas’s iPhone: And now was
Douglas’s iPhone: Probably late probably in my college years just experimenting with different things. And, you know, people would have some pain pills and try those and I like those.
Katrina Groves: Can that was
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah, I'd say Tony's, you know, and then when I really, when I lost control of it was after when I was probably what 24
Douglas’s iPhone: When I had my shoulder accident Akamai actually had the accident with my shoulder. It was my first season out here in Oregon and
Douglas’s iPhone: We had a water skiing accident and then got pain pills for that. And that kind of started just
Douglas’s iPhone: You know, years like two almost three years straight before I even had surgery that I would go back to the doctors and get more pain pills and back.
Douglas’s iPhone: Back and forth. And then that eventually led to multiple doctors and, you know, lying to them about, Well this one's not working so
Douglas’s iPhone: Getting them to write a new prescription before that prescription was even up, you know, and then eventually that doctor might catch on and then
Douglas’s iPhone: I moved to a different doctor and and that kind of things and then eventually you know when doctors in between doctor start buying them, you know, on the street, kind of thing. And so as the other Opiates are definitely the biggest one and
Douglas’s iPhone: Obviously what
Douglas’s iPhone: 2009 is when I finally
Douglas’s iPhone: Gave up and checked myself into a rehab there in Oregon at serenity lane.
Katrina Groves: How long was the rehab.
Douglas’s iPhone: 30 days.
Katrina Groves: But then were you cared. When you got out.
Douglas’s iPhone: No, then yeah you know 90 meetings in 90 days of Na na and
Douglas’s iPhone: You know, really. I didn't
Douglas’s iPhone: Know, have a beer here in America Taro, but for
Douglas’s iPhone: I'd say it was probably until almost the seven eight year mark that I finally
Douglas’s iPhone: You know that I didn't touch anything. I absolutely when I was scared to death of of all of it, you know, thinking that, you know, and knowing myself that, you know, alright have when I was in that
Douglas’s iPhone: That delicate of a stage like you know if I have a beer, you know, maybe that'll be the next addiction.
Douglas’s iPhone: You know,
Douglas’s iPhone: So yeah, the years of meetings, obviously, and then both the Suboxone treatment and then na na
Katrina Groves: So why did you so you were clean quite a while and in recovery rather after your, your rehab program what led to you saying, oh, you know, I need Suboxone I can't, you know, not just doing it without any medication.
Katrina Groves: Because you didn't get on Suboxone for a
Katrina Groves: While right
Douglas’s iPhone: No, I
Douglas’s iPhone: I got on Suboxone during the, during treatment.
Katrina Groves: Oh, they gave it to you there.
Douglas’s iPhone: And went to Dr. Roberts there in Grants Pass for I came to you and saying that when
Douglas’s iPhone: They had taken me often Suboxone during the treatment and then also after leaving treatment. I was off for a while. And that's when the shoulder pain would just continue and
Douglas’s iPhone: Doing. Dr. Roberts and then talking to the you know the
Douglas’s iPhone: Orthopedic surgeon
Douglas’s iPhone: Forget the name of the office down in Medford, but doesn't matter.
Douglas’s iPhone: When they, you know, decided that it was most likely that some kind of a pain management was going to need to continue throughout
Douglas’s iPhone: You know my life if I can't get this corrected and yeah that's that's kind of how that worked out was that between the
Douglas’s iPhone: Dr. Roberts and him talking directly back to the treatment facility. The doctor at serenity lane and then orthopedic surgeon kind of
Douglas’s iPhone: Together and and made that in with my, you know, with me being part of that conversation that that's the route that we should try
Douglas’s iPhone: You know, obviously, you know, we wouldn't want to ever have to go back to true the regular you know like it in or something like that. But maybe that we manage it was the Suboxone and that would be enough. And that's obviously
Katrina Groves: Great. Excellent. That was thank you for sharing that. So what are your goals for you. The next
Katrina Groves: Year.
Katrina Groves: Longer five years. Do you have any
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah, we're we're look really looking at I've had multiple offers for like as far as work goes, I'd say first would be in life goals is
Douglas’s iPhone: Kind of continue our app for the next three years. Three, including this year will be four years. So we're basically Riley getting out of high school, and we'll, we'll start looking for the next move.
Douglas’s iPhone: And that'll probably be out of working California moving like we're thinking maybe Idaho maybe Montana. This summer, you know, you don't have to worry about locking your car so much kind of thing.
Douglas’s iPhone: And what that is a career move division chief as my next step up from superintendent of the crew and I'm just, I've been offered that position twice now they really wanted me to take it on my own district as well as another district on the forest.
Douglas’s iPhone: But that's that job takes is a lot more behind the desk not you know you're
Douglas’s iPhone: You're in charge of the full whole fire program at your office so you don't get to go out on fires as much anymore where I'm part of a fire module. So
Douglas’s iPhone: Being in there with the guys and going on fires and, you know, doing what I do. I absolutely love that I quite honestly make more money because of the overtime.
Douglas’s iPhone: Even though the GS 11 would be higher pay throughout the year at the GS nine rate I make just as much money, if not more so the overtime. So
Douglas’s iPhone: And I think the physical activity for
Katrina Groves: You is so good for your soul and your brain and your body and you know it's like Captain Kirk, don't let them promote you to Admiral
Douglas’s iPhone: I agree. And I've seen it so many times over guys go to that job and next year too because you're constantly do at the
Douglas’s iPhone: Real high up the political stuff. I see some of that, but it's not my main job and guys go from loving what they do to being grumpy and getting overweight and you know making unhealthy choices with everything and
Douglas’s iPhone: I'm definitely in no hurry to get there, but same time, I know that you know I'm getting closer to talk. I mean, I can actually retire in five years by wanted to
Douglas’s iPhone: Wow, have a full
Douglas’s iPhone: Because it's 25 years under 50 and 20 years over 50 for firefighter attire. So
Douglas’s iPhone: You know, getting that you want here. Hi, three or last three years to be their highest pay rate so that are somewhere in there. You want your high, they're going to average your retirement off your high three
Douglas’s iPhone: Years of salary. So you want to get that higher rate at some point, just, you know, I'm going to wait a few more years until and get my, you know, Riley out of high school, and then we'll kind of look to we'd like him to finish school here. Mm hmm. Then
Katrina Groves: Disruptive social
Douglas’s iPhone: And then we can, this House is house we're in right now is
Douglas’s iPhone: Like our mortgages down to like 70 grand like really in a good spot houses we bought it for super cheap and 2009 when the housing market collapse so
Douglas’s iPhone: Selling this or renting it out at that four year mark from now you know or be even closer to pay off where we can, we might be able to just go
Douglas’s iPhone: Take a new job somewhere and not even have to buy maybe just rent because it might be just a stepping stone maybe we've even talked about North Carolina, Florida, something
Douglas’s iPhone: Different to do for years and and then look to buy property by property, something that we can retire on have chickens and goats and all that kind of stuff. Stuff. We can't have in a subdivision.
Katrina Groves: Right now, that's really, that's great. I can see the whole vision just planned out for your
Katrina Groves: Mind when you're talking about it and it's very good. A plus i mean that you know you're going to get to a point where we all get older and we're all
Katrina Groves: crumbling around so you're not gonna be able to do your firefighter stuff for and then you've got another step, though, then you can go into
Katrina Groves: Into the administration.
Douglas’s iPhone: Personally, yeah.
Katrina Groves: Great. So, um, how often are you going to Tony's clinic. Do you think so.
Douglas’s iPhone: Maybe once a month.
Douglas’s iPhone: Just depends on how busy. I am this year has been another busy winner. I spent 30 days and North Carolina and Florida in January.
Douglas’s iPhone: We just got back from a fire down in Mendocino there and have a fire escape file burned down in colo so I did two weeks down there. Just got back last week from that and then trainings and everything so
Katrina Groves: We're so worried about you. During those huge fires down. I mean, anytime there's a huge fire. I think about, Oh my gosh, where's Dad, you know, did you have to go to Australia or did you have to go to
Katrina Groves: San Luis Obispo again. Or where was that fire. Oh Petaluma Santa Rosa something anyway.
Douglas’s iPhone: We ended up I was on the list for Australia. I even got one got my passport and then
Douglas’s iPhone: Couple. There was a couple division chiefs that they pick the people that had been
Douglas’s iPhone: Their closest to retirement, because it's kind of a once in a lifetime kind of thing to go fight fire and Australia. So wow, anybody that was ahead of me on the list that had more seniority which there was two guys that ended up getting picked to go and
Douglas’s iPhone: I was kind of bummed not to go but that's right around the same time that I go into North Carolina and went and helped run that same crew that I did in 2015 I ran that a crew out there. It's
Douglas’s iPhone: A job through like all under privileged, you know, Job Corps students. Cool.
Douglas’s iPhone: Our program through their Job Corps center. So it's really a mentoring kind of thing you take them down and burn down in Florida for
Douglas’s iPhone: You know, two weeks at a time and it's pretty good opportunity to kind of share your experience with the younger generation. And then you're teaching them really everything from
Douglas’s iPhone: Like life skills. Yeah. So it was always a good opportunity. So that was right around the Australia time too. So I wasn't too heartbroken because I already had something lined up. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Well, so good to see you.
Douglas’s iPhone: Doing well what what. So what's the so as far as bright heart. And what does this look like for me, do I need to do anything. Like when I signed up originally with bright heart day I got emails and talked about weekly meetings.
Douglas’s iPhone: Right so anything's changed.
Katrina Groves: Yes, so getting hooked up with me.
Katrina Groves: What my
Katrina Groves: What my goal was for this was when I left open door. I couldn't really leave. Oops. Did I lose you.
Douglas’s iPhone: Know it's just going low power mode. Let me grab my shark.
Katrina Groves: Stan
Katrina Groves: When I left open door because I, you know, moved with my dad, I had to come here to take care of my dad.
Katrina Groves: I've just been doing telemedicine. Well, I think I've seen you on telemedicine at Dolores before
Katrina Groves: So I did that for a while thinking they're going to get a new doctor, they're going to get a new doctor, it's been like, what, two years and they still don't have a new doctor
Katrina Groves: So I just decided, I'm kind of like you for my retirement. What a great thing I could do, and take with me anywhere I could be in Hawaii. I could be
Katrina Groves: I guess I can't be walking Yosemite, I wouldn't good service, but
Katrina Groves: So my goal was to get the group because there was like 101 point 120 people that I could not just let not have a doctor because there was nowhere to go.
Katrina Groves: So I just decided to do this and that way they can come on board with my group. So long story short, is that right now. I'm just grand fathering in all of you guys who have been stable for 678 910 years. So now you do not have to come, three days a week or
Katrina Groves: I'm thinking every two or three months. Just like we had before.
Katrina Groves: You know, bright heart is not used to that because they are a relatively new, not really, but new company.
Katrina Groves: So they don't have people with this long term sobriety. So they're they're getting people in right at the original, you know,
Katrina Groves: Induction stuff. So I'm totally fine with you coming back and actually that's another question. When do you need your prescription for Suboxone. How much do you have left. How many refills.
Douglas’s iPhone: I'm out on the 31st of this month.
Douglas’s iPhone: So you need a script.
Douglas’s iPhone: No refills left so that that finishes off that three month prescription that the last one that I got from del Norte
Katrina Groves: Got it. So I'm going to what pharmacy. Do you think I can. I think I could send it to any pharmacy. Did you just follow. Yeah.
Douglas’s iPhone: Right now in your system there right hard. They have listed CVS in Crescent City and that that's where this prescription should go.
Douglas’s iPhone: Really
Katrina Groves: You still want it.
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah, CBS in Crescent City because they're brand new, and they're never busy.
Douglas’s iPhone: Okay things to work. And then, you know, just like in years past. If you know hopefully what the three month thing. It's really been working pretty well to where I can
Douglas’s iPhone: Get refills on the road. And I know you know the only time that becomes an issue is
Douglas’s iPhone: When transferring medicine. So if I transfer that prescription away from CVS once that it's no longer transferable. So if I transfer it down to southern California on fire and there's still read to refills left. Basically, I gotta go.
Douglas’s iPhone: Refill. So that's the only time it gets weird that like I've called Tony before and said, hey, can you have one month called in to this place, so I don't lose the other two months that are sitting at the pharmacy kind of exactly
Katrina Groves: And and I would encourage you to continue because this is still a transition. And there are some people that can't ever get on bright heart because of their insurance or other issues.
Katrina Groves: I would stay in touch with Tony's group. She's always available, she can get ahold of me 24 seven we can keep doing so just keep doing what you're doing, but just check in here once every three months or whatever you're
Katrina Groves: Both. So this is your kind of intake thing. And now you I want to put you on with a group, but I know you can't always make that
Katrina Groves: If I do three months down the road you. Who knows what you're going to be doing. Would you rather try and do a group like this Monday or next Monday. Or I'm doing groups on at 545 on Monday evenings to get people so they can work. Okay.
Douglas’s iPhone: You have a is that are all of them late like that, during the day.
Douglas’s iPhone: They're all right.
Katrina Groves: Well, because that's the only I only do one, our group week because I have two other jobs and
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah, we can try maybe not this Monday, but let me look at my
Douglas’s iPhone: Yo, I can do on the following Monday.
So the 23rd.
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: That would be good. So I'll put you down for that if there's some problem, then do the 30th.
Katrina Groves: Basically just
Katrina Groves: Do you have that bright heart number and call them if you can't make it, and reschedule for the next Monday. I just wanted to get you one one group here and then
Katrina Groves: I'll send your prescription in today for later in the month.
Douglas’s iPhone: That's good.
Katrina Groves: And then let me see. What's three months after I don't know if it's worth doing in a schedule. I kind of have to tell him when you're going to be back. So let's try to do
Katrina Groves: 1-234-567-8910 1112 so it looks like June 8 would be 12 weeks. Okay, so I'll put you down on that June 8 at 545 but I understand things will change between then and now.
Douglas’s iPhone: And that's basically an other group meeting at 545
Katrina Groves: Right, so we don't have this one on one stuff that we do anymore. We just then you'll be in with some other people, you'll know them all. They're all from group.
Katrina Groves: Although you don't know them well but
Katrina Groves: They're all the same people.
Katrina Groves: And then I'm going on vacation from the 15th to the
Katrina Groves: 30th, but so if you need anything.
Katrina Groves: You can still get in touch with Tony and we can still
Katrina Groves: Do that.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: All right, well, excellent. Nice to see you.
Douglas’s iPhone: Again soon you enjoy the rest of your day. Is it snowing up there.
Katrina Groves: No, it's beautiful.
Douglas’s iPhone: Weather rainy
Katrina Groves: You got snow.
Douglas’s iPhone: Yeah, we got snow right now. It's just a couple inches on the ground already
Katrina Groves: I fun. Yeah. Alright. Well, I'll let you go and you know how to end the meeting and do all that on your end. All right, take care.
Katrina Groves: See you in a few months. Actually, I'll see you in two weeks.
Douglas’s iPhone: Sounds good.
Katrina Groves: Alright.
Katrina Groves: So,
Katrina Groves: Patient was casually groomed and just do the usual site normal very normal psychiatric
Katrina Groves: Any mental status exam or whatever you guys want to call it.
Katrina Groves: No suicide risk.
Katrina Groves: So I think you have this please tell me if you don't. But, you know, the alert and oriented, the concentration the mood, the grooming the speech, the thoughts on that. Just put normal
Katrina Groves: Very cool guy.
Katrina Groves: Got his act together. I will be calling in a prescription for the Suboxone eight milligrams three a day for with three refills to CDs and Crescent City his diagnoses are the opioid dependence severe oh no IV use on him. By the way, it was all oral opioids. I forgot to mention that
Katrina Groves: in remission hypertension controlled on medication.
Katrina Groves: Eczema controlled
Katrina Groves: On medication seasonal allergies controlled on medication you heard about his
Katrina Groves: Chronic shoulder pain.
Katrina Groves: From fracture and impingement which is
Katrina Groves: Controlled with current Suboxone so he does have opioid use for pain diagnosis but but it's more addiction. So I wouldn't make the pain of primary and he has nicotine dependence cigarettes and it is mild
Katrina Groves: Sounds like he's motivated to perhaps quit hopefully
Katrina Groves: He you did get the history of his doctors, Dr. Sue, I think it was Taryn. It sounded like parent but te R and he spelled it but I didn't catch it.
Katrina Groves: And I will see him on
Katrina Groves: The 23rd of March.
Katrina Groves: I've already 45 Pacific Standard Time. AND THEN AGAIN ON JUNE JUNE 9 of june 8
Katrina Groves: So far away.
Katrina Groves: June 8
Katrina Groves: As you heard, he has over 10 years of remission and he's going to be an awesome
Katrina Groves: Alright so I'm done with him. I'm waiting for another one. Hang on.
Katrina Groves: It looks like my 10 O'clock didn't show up some free until one I will
Katrina Groves: Be back later. Thanks.